<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [insertInSortOrder][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
*   [CompareFunction][3]
    *   [Parameters][4]
*   [PriorityBuffer][5]
    *   [Parameters][6]
    *   [buffer][7]
    *   [length][8]
    *   [clear][9]
    *   [back][10]
    *   [front][11]
    *   [push][12]
        *   [Parameters][13]
    *   [shift][14]
    *   [iterator][15]

## insertInSortOrder

Simplest O(n/2) insertion possible.

### Parameters

*   `list` **List\<Type>** list where value should be inserted
*   `comparator` **[CompareFunction][16]\<Type>** provides sort order of list
*   `value` **Type** value to be inserted

## CompareFunction

Type: [Function][17]

### Parameters

*   `a` **Type** first value to compare
*   `b` **Type** second value to compare

Returns **[number][18]** three possibilities
a > b, returns > 0, and b sorts before a
a === b, returns 0, keep original order of a and b
a < b, returns < 0, and a sorts before b

## PriorityBuffer

Priority buffer with highest priority elements at front, and fixed maximum length.

Buffers are expected to be short, so that the naive prioritization process is quick.

### Parameters

*   `comparator` **[CompareFunction][16]\<Type>** comparator that matches the Array.sort() comparator API. High
    priority items should sort before lower priority items.
*   `capacity` **[number][18]** maximum length of buffer (optional, default `100`)

### buffer

### length

Getter to provide current number of elements in buffer. Can never be larger than capacity.

Returns **[number][18]** 

### clear

Empties the buffer. After this operation buffer.length === 0

### back

Returns the lowest priority element in the buffer.

Returns **Type** the lowest priority element, or `undefined` if empty

### front

Returns the highest priority value.

Returns **Type** the the highest priority value or `undefined` if empty

### push

Inserts a value into the queue. If length === capacity,
the lowest priority value is discarded. If two items with
the same priority are in the queue, the older one is before
the newer one.

#### Parameters

*   `value` **Type** value to push

Returns **[number][18]** the current length of the buffer

### shift

Removes the highest priority value and returns it.

Returns **Type** the value removed from the queue
or `undefined` if empty.

### iterator

Iterator that goes from highest priority to lowest priority.

Returns **IterableIterator\<Type>** iterates from highest priority to lowest priority

[1]: #insertinsortorder

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #comparefunction

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #prioritybuffer

[6]: #parameters-2

[7]: #buffer

[8]: #length

[9]: #clear

[10]: #back

[11]: #front

[12]: #push

[13]: #parameters-3

[14]: #shift

[15]: #iterator

[16]: #comparefunction

[17]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[18]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number
